little Bob on biscuits for you all see
that's the trouble with being in the
public eye you can't even step out of
your own front door without finding a
blasted camera crew there isn't the
Daily Mirror it's the BBC and I'm a shy
and retiring for the person is why I
live in this humble cottage here in
Ireland where I write my novels and
compose my programs and think very
deeply about life from the meaning of
cooking and stuff like that and as a
rule I wouldn't let you in but the
director really begged me and said
please please show them your house and
show them something is essentially Irish
to cook so I thought oh all right so
come on potato cakes potato breads are
very important to Irish cooking - Irish
diet the whole bit and the best way to
get them is to whip into Marks and
Spencers and buy a package but of course
we predictably wouldn't do a thing like
that we have to stand burning in front
of a peat fire in front of an
eighteenth-century stove no magic mix is
no electricity and I want to do the real
business and the two-hundred-year-old
fashion this is a pot of potatoes okay
this time you begin to wonder why you
are here I am here with my great
chumphon who knows all about potato
bread first of all Flula why couldn't we
have saved trouble by peeling the
potatoes first I'd have been very
helpful them did this games also you can
see the skins and you can fit them to
their chickens so the pig so you can did
I mean do people still eat potato cakes
a great deal in Ireland or is this just
a trip down memory lane usable thell
stir-fry and it's very popular still
brilliant well look Richard I have to I
mean this is the high point of a regular
18th centuries farmers day you see there
were no television in those days he
would dress in the typical apparel as
I'm wearing today a silk bow tie and
chaste cufflinks way jacket Rolex
watching him at that and he was said
about peeling these there's in fact a
rather boring process
so you take a little tour around this
wonderful estate the Ulster Folk Museum
and join us again when was a really
interesting bit okay every Sunday they
come in there thousands to save the
delights of yesteryear I think there's a
great plan afoot to turn these islands
into one great themed bar when nobody
ever gets old and where Uncle Mac has
torn the wireless saying goodbye
children everywhere thrilled with the
memories of the 3 R's Christopher Robin
my wonder what prayers was hit at the
foot of this bed enjoyed that little
mini tour around the park on your
state's rather interesting I think we'll
find it while you away I've been
beetling away haha this is a Beatle
crushing the potato into a fairly smooth
but still lumpy mixture adding some
plain flour you could add wholemeal
flour if you want to bit about a bit of
salt now all I have to do is roll it out
if I'm a bit strange this morning they
built this cottage with doorways five
foot three high and just cracked my head
in the most monstrous we're on the top
and it is actually spinning so I have a
quick cup of tea because I always say an
emergency have a cup of tea don't they
so we roll those up very quickly bit
more flour on the top how thick do you
think they ought to be and then the
griddle is up to frying speed you cut
out some little wedges using another
18th century implement the egg slice
that we don't round here Richard because
on they go notice I have the griddle
already dusted impeccable eggs do a few
more so I just keep running in front of
you but we're not a studio production
have 18 cameras and cutaways and stuff
like that we pop those on there another
potato cake and then you'll come back
here is I didn't say you could leave the
stove I want you to take a nice little
shot of me roasting what we call pay
offs you see in a minute do one of those
magic things a mixes or a wobbly picture
and you'll see us enjoying these crisp
cooked golden traditions
exclusive on there a nasty photo shot
there you are 15 minutes later they are
cooked to perfection well I think you
just please add a little butter
have a little taste we'd like to have a
little taste
see you tell me if they're okay right
well Vanilla's choking on that I must
tell you that we've had lots of letters
from people saying how do you choose
your locations and we all know you've
got griddles at home you all got 18th
century fireplaces in fact you don't
really need this lesson but the way we
choose the programs in the director's
office is a very large map with the
British Isles and three darts and we
throw them at the board husband happened
to land a little bit near Belfast anyway
enough little jokes and things like that
business is business very booked this
place till half past 11:00 the next part
is coming in for one of her real
demonstrations so we must be as they say
talking along see you in the next
sequence
you